all right this is Val and this is a
brief tutorial from chat with data
YouTube channel on
how to use Lang chain to build complex
simple AI applications for JavaScript on
JavaScript or typescript so this is a
JavaScript typescript
beginner's tutorial for line chain you
kind of think of Lang chain as a
framework that makes it easier to build
uh these large language model
applications so let's jump into it first
of all what is Lang chain so
to understand what Langston is we have
to understand the problems around
building applications so if you've ever
tried to build one of these AI apps that
we see popping all over the place where
you know someone plugs into the open AI
API and you've got you know apps allow
you to write you know create
images and do all these wonderful things
but particularly when it comes to text
you know that there's a lot of
challenges so one of them for example
is the issues of
scalability so what do I mean well if
you jump into the playground for example
we can see that
yeah it's cool we can effectively
uh you know the because the playground
is assimilation of when we use the API
so I could come here and say you know
write a tagline
for my business
click submit
and that's going to pop out you know
something right now but when we jump
into looking at the max length of
basically how much can we send to the
large language model per request we're
looking around 4 000 tokens that's
more or less I think three quarters of a
uh three quarters of a token is is a
word right so you're looking about 3 800
words to squeeze in per request and
that's a combination of your prompt so
your prompt is the instruction you'll
give it a large language model and the
response have to combine together to
um
more or less 3 800 words and if you
don't meet that then you need to start
to do things like chunking and splitting
your text because let's say for example
you wanted to summarize a 10 000 word uh
PDF or ten thousand word
um book you know it's 20 000 or you
wanted to extract insights right now
you've run into issues where you need to
split the text and then how much you
split the tax by and then how do you
make sure you don't lose context
and so on and so forth so if you've ever
tried to build or you can imagine that
very frustrating and very difficult to
deal with the second issue
is you
are probably going to get relevant of
misleading information without proper
context what I mean is when it comes to
cost of data data that relevant to your
business data that's relevant to your
work or something specific you're
looking for that's real time on the web
these large arguments models are not
going to necessarily give you the best
result here for example this is me
earlier try to look at this uh
particular method or of putting together
a chat bot using Lang trade and this is
the response to chat gbt he gave me was
effectively
is a natural language processing model
and Lang chain is a blockchain which is
not true now it's talking about smart
contracts and all these things that have
nothing to do with Lang chain so if
you've ever tried to use chat ubt for
specific things of your work or custom
data or specific knowledge you've
probably been frustrated to to see that
it's not really tailored towards you
it's just very general it's very good at
General things and that's what they were
made for so that we can quote unquote uh
fine-tune it for our specific use
third pain point is around crafting you
know complex prompt workflows so you can
imagine this is very basic but imagine
if you had a situation
where you wanted to describe you know
something a bit more where you you
provide in some sort of an identity uh
you say you know uh let's imagine your
a business owner based in New York
um
you are
you have
a 20 years experience
you know build in businesses
what you'd want to expand
businesses in
in retail
what you want to expand to fashion and
blah blah blah blah right you can
imagine like a prompt where you give you
know identity and then after you give an
identity you probably want to give like
instructions of of what not to do or
what not to say and then you probably
want to give you know
examples and you want to give context
right so there's a lot that you can feed
them the model ahead of time to get a
more precise result the problem is as I
said earlier it doesn't scale because
you have I mean it's difficult to to do
all of that precisely
within the same chunk but the other
issue is it's just very complex to
manage because imagine all these
different things are inputs from users
right so you could have you know this
being a variable input you could have
this being a variable input then you
have to deal with testing and log in and
managing your tokens and your costs and
all these things that are you know
problems as well
that's another issue then pre-processing
and formatting on structured data which
you know the large model is going to
best understand text
um the mod uh the the stores which I'm
going to talk about in a second where we
put the text uh in number format so that
we can retrieve also prefers this kind
of
text clear text format so if we're
coming from the world of PDFs images we
need to pre-process we need to even with
text we need to chunk it up we need to
make it in a way where it's easier and
it's efficient to work with our data and
then the third and then the final thing
is
the cost of apis right as demand Rises
the cost of the API increases as well
because of inefficiencies and all these
other areas so now we understand what
the problem is
let's see how long chain can help to
solve so as I said it's building AI is
powered by custom data Made Easy I mean
that's the most simple way I can explain
it so we're looking at
use cases question and answering
documents custom documents track PPT for
your data like I said you know you have
that chat experience but it's tailored
for your data and there you've got
personal assistance to use external
tools
for example you can have
be able to chain together instructions
that you know effectively a bot is able
to go and search a real-time data on
Google and that may be use openai to
generate some sort of instructions or
response and then take that response and
plug into slack or maybe book your
calendar for you right so there's so
many use cases they got summarization of
large documents so you can kind of think
of Lang chain as a library or framework
to coordinate all these different use
cases and all these different
complexities that we spoke about earlier
that were problems
so these are the components of Lang
chain
so as I said you got your prompts or
your prompted the instructions to the
large language model as to what to do
uh then you've got the the large
language model itself you've got memory
the ability to memorize previous
conversation you've got indexes where
you store the data document loaders how
you convert the docs to text you got
agents which is where integration to
external tools comes in you got chains
basically chaining together all these
different components where the name Lang
chain comes from
so what does this all look like you know
for example
let's jump into their docs right so now
this is the Lang chain
uh docs for JavaScript and typescript
which we're going to focus on in this
tutorial and what you can see up here is
a
um a search bar right so if I jumped in
here and I said okay how can I help you
and I say well
uh I want uh how do I
uh
create
a chain for a chop bot for my
documents okay
and here we go
you can use LINE chain to create
one of them is conversation chain which
is pre-built and it gives you the code
and it gives you verified sources
to check it out so you can see these are
actual verified sources from within this
website itself that's
basically what is capable
uh what we're capable of doing now is
basically you turn your docs your
website your newsletter your application
your database into
um this format that we can have a chat
or conversation with so this is
basically what the power is and you can
see how this is way more precise than
you know something like this
Okay cool so let's jump into
the code right
so we're going to start off first of all
with a simple chain so simple chain is
effectively
where we have an input from a user or
just a general import a query just like
we would with chat gbt and the large
language model like open AI will take
that query
process the query return a response
so here's the code base for second
let me just clear that
and so you can see the structure here
so we installed the library Lang trade
which you can do
um in by just simply doing npm install
line chain I'll put all the instructions
in the GitHub
uh repo after this uh after this
tutorial but effectively all we're doing
is just like you typically would you you
know you would uh initiate the model uh
put in the temperature or whatever the
parameters you want to you want to use
and then you get the response right this
is just the syntax using openai so in
this case I'm just simply going to go
npm run stop
and I'm going to go
here we're just going to do a basic
call Dot TS
so I'm going to run through this
um I already have my environment
variables my openai key is already in
play
and we're running and we should
see Paris okay so we got the response
back from the large language model that
the capital city of France is Paris okay
cool
so that's a basic call
now let's move over to
another example
I'm going to go through two examples but
let's start with this one
where effectively we have a user
and instead of just simply saying what
is the capital city in France
where I'm the one who's going to hard
code this time we're going to make
France variable
so it's going to be variable to what the
user inputs and this is not any
different from a typical AI application
if you built one you're always looking
for a way to
have your prompts
which is your instructions but then you
have
pockets of those instructions that you
want the user to be able to input which
customizes and makes it more
are tailored towards them
so the user is going to give an
contribute here
and be able to change the country
then we
effectively create this chain with the
large language model
who then output so it's basically
identical to this except the user we
have these variable this variable here
we can call this a prompt template and
we can call this the chain right so
let's hop back to the code
and we're going to go to prompts
so Lang chain has these prompt templates
as I explained to you earlier
that are effectively just these uh just
some more
customizable format of what we would
have to type out manually so we wouldn't
normally we would have to in this case
here
imagine it being more complex but this
is the equivalent of saying you know
um
so variable text and then you would have
your what is the capital
city of
country okay and so where country is
effectively the variable
Dynamic variable that is going to be
passed in from
a user's inputs that can come from the
front end or it could be a request to
the back end however you want to do it
this is how it would typically
look like so that's the equivalent of
what's going on here except you're
passing this template in to this object
and
you have this country here as what is
variable
right
and now we can pass in the country so in
this case we're going to pass in France
and if we run through this
you'll see
that
uh let's just do that second
so that's npm Run start
I'm going to upload all this to GitHub
so you can play around with it
let's see what happens now
so this format what it does is it
formats The Prompt given the input
values right so if I change this to to
Scotland or Spain then it would be what
is capital city of Scotland respect okay
so effectively
this just shows you the the format of
the prompt and you can see how you know
this when things get a bit more
complicated this would be very useful
so let's jump to the few shot case
so what's a few short prompt
well
a few shots is just basically examples
you provide to the large language model
to help it generate a better response so
for example
let's say you wanted to
um
you know you wanted to give context on
different countries and capitals so that
you want the model to have a pattern to
use in this response so you're still
going to ask it the same question then
you provide these huge shots or these
examples to help it have a better
response so in this case
we're providing these examples to the
United States Washington DC Canada
Ottawa
and then we have a formatted template
which is effectively
what the uh the template is
that we're going to pass over and then
we have the example prompt
so again you can see these are variables
that are going to change
right because uh they're going to come
from these examples here
and this is the template
that we created here so remember this is
the same as what we had here
right with this prompt template that
basically just outputed something like
this basically what is the capital city
of
of France right once we formatted it or
saw the format so we're doing the same
thing here we're making
this thing here so that we can input the
country on the capital
and when we console.log we get country
United States capital Washington DC
obviously I'm formatting using these
examples here so you can see how
it effectively just inputs into those
gaps there
and now this creates an example that we
can use so finally we create an object
so this is a few short template object
um
that we create instance from that line
chain provides
and these are you can read through this
later but basically you can provide
prefix or what text you want to go
before
what text you want to go after
um and so effectively
you will end up with something
like
this
where you have
you can see what is the capital city of
the country below
so this is what the actual text will
look like so let's hop over
to maybe a format that will make more
sense to you
and this is what it would effectively
look something like this right what is
the capital city of the country below
and so in this case we are
providing uh these things called diffuse
shot examples as I said they're just
examples to help the model
but he knows anyway he wants to seize
the pattern of country capital country
capital you provided France as a country
and now if I just press submit it should
uh
say Paris okay so this is how you use
few short prompts by basically providing
your question or your prompt and then
the few shots
but in the case of JavaScript and line
chain
you can use these few short prompt
templates which effectively take your
examples which you provided earlier
um the example prompt the prefix the
suffix
and help you to effectively scale this
because this can this can get very very
tedious
that's
a few shots
and props okay
cool so let's move over to
chains
so this is a basic chain now
if I hop back over
or rather actually let's
let's start with agents because that's
that's a bit more exciting and also a
bit more a bit more requires a bit more
thinking about
so what is an agent so an agent you can
kind of think of as a personal assistant
that uses the large language model
to help you take actions and it can help
you either observe or use external tools
so what do I mean okay so let's start
from here so we have the user and the
user says okay how many countries are
there in Africa to the power of three I
know this is a a crazy example but just
just kind of stick with me here
so they send this question to open AI
for example the model and the model
basically speaks to this agent or this
bot and the bot thinks to itself well I
need to find each country in Africa and
add them together so that's the first
thought that this bot has
now it then goes and uses something like
a serp API which is a real-time API to
access Google search results performs a
search action to find all these African
countries based on live results
and then maybe finds an article that
gives you know credible article the
fight that concludes the observation
that there are 54 countries in Africa
then the bot says well okay now I need
to calculate the total number of
countries in Africa to the third power
so that's what he's thinking
and then it uses another tool to do
calculations there's times they can
calculate action
it observes this number
it thinks itself now I know the final
answer and this is the final output
that is you know this number is the
number of African countries to power
through okay so there's different
components here there's user there's a
model there's the agent there's thinking
there's tools there's searching there's
actions there's observations and then
there's the final output but in essence
all it is effectively is
a chain of
a sequence of interacting with the large
language model for instructions and then
interacting with third-party tools to
get whatever outcome you're looking for
so let's jump into the code
okay
so I'm not going to run this one here
particularly because you can just um
get a sharp API free sub API
API key that you can test this with
but effectively again
we initiate the large language model
we initiate the tools so we got the
calculator and serp API so Lang chain
provides
tools that you can use there are many
many more so if I just hit here you've
got Bing dad jokes IFTTT where you can
connect to third-party tools and so on
and then you've got agents here now this
agent
is going to take tools the model and
this framework you can change this and
read up on it it's just a framework that
kind of goes through this kind of
pattern of thinking that we described
where it has a thought and then a
follow-up observation and so on and so
forth
then you have the input what are the
total number of countries in Africa
raised to the power of three
executes
and calls and this is kind of what the
final result looks like right so there's
a lot of use cases that we can think
about here
um besides search you know interacting
with your calendars and you know going
to do maths and then taking that data
and interact with other tools but uh the
use cases are immense when it comes to
agents Lang chain and external tools
all right let us jump into memory okay
so what's memory so memory is just
basically given the chatbot the ability
to remember previous conversations if
you remember one of the big challenges
is when you're interacting with these
chat Bots or you try and make your own
chatbot they don't have
extensive memory and sometimes no memory
so imagine someone you ask a question
and then you ask a follow-up question
but it doesn't have contacts the
response is not going to be great so
what we want is to give the ability to
take previous conversations into context
for future conversations but to do it in
a pain-free way a line chain gives us
the ability to do that so
here we are effectively
uh where we're saying
you know we initiate this buffer memory
class
uh we create the new object called
memory a new conversation chain again
Lang chain has these components in
different libraries and this library is
free
then you call
with the input hello I'm John so this is
the user base he's saying hi I'm John
you get a response and so on and so
forth so let's run this
so you can have a feel for what's going
on here
so let's clear that
PM Run start and I'm going to run to
memory basic but yes
so effectively what's going to happen is
I'm going to say my name
is gonna say hi I'm going to ask you
what my name is and it's going to
respond
there we go
so hi John I'm an AI nice to me can I
ask you something what do you do for a
living
and here I go what's my name and the
chatbot says your name is John
so you remember that my name is John
and I try to just put this in diagram by
the way this image will be available for
you to use and review after this video
as well but like I said gives the chain
or agent the ability to remember
information from previous conversations
so you got the input from the user
previous chat
context
and then that is packaged into an
instruction or a prompt in a structured
way the line chain helps you to do
behind the scenes
you pass that over to the model
and you get a final answer so what's
pretty cool about Lang chain is all of
this is abstracted and you don't have to
worry about figuring all this stuff out
yourself and how to structure the
problems or what prompts you use and so
much so much complexity going on under
the scenes especially in terms of
structure and has been handled for you
from the library
so let's talk about indexes
so before we jump into indexes it's
important to understand the concept of
embeddings
and what is an embedding I'm going to do
another video on embeddings and how to
work with effectively
the language of
the compute the computer or the language
of the large language models
and when it comes to interacting with
documents because that's really the goal
behind this channel is how do we you
know build applications that help to
interact with data so
one of the things is that
these models
are
very much focused on numbers right they
don't
necessarily understand
text per se in the sense that they
usually under the hood convert to
numbers that they can use
and this is particularly important when
it comes to embeddings when when it
comes to q a with document chatbots
because effectively what you're doing is
you are converting your the query or the
user query into text form into your
number of vectors
like this that you pass over and store
in a place called a vector Store where
the vector store already contains a
bunch of these
for your document and so it's actually
matching these numbers against the
existing numbers to then decide which
ones are similar it gives a similarity
score using
things like cosine similarity which I'm
not going to get into right now
but in a nutshell embeddings is just
converting text into numbers in a way
that
large large language models can easily
talk to
and we can easily do analysis to compare
find similarities and the keyword
analysis and so on and so forth
so that's pretty much you can think of
an index as a collection of
this embeddings these Vector stores and
the process of getting to that point so
here we can imagine we have your PDF
that we load the docs into text
right and then we take that text we may
split it into chunks because it's too
big as we spoke about but what's cool is
Lang chain handles this for us
create these embeddings using an
embedding function so we open AI
provides an embedding
function that we can use to effectively
convert all this text here into these
numbers that we can then store and we
can then retrieve later down the line
so
let's jump into code and see what that
looks like
so here we have embeddings
and like I said you can grab open AI
and here we are creating a function
where we are embedding the query hello
world and we get a response and we also
embedding documents so document from
Lang Chain's point of view is simply
just
text
and metadata combined together so what I
mean by metadata is just in just
description or something useful to know
what
about that particular text they can use
to retrieve later on
so let's clear this out let's npm run
start
and we want to run
here
which is
uh indexes okay
indexes Dot embeddings.ts
So This Is Us creating embeddings using
open ai's embeddings function you can
see like I said land chain provides that
I just want to show you what it looks
like in real time
so you can see that we've created these
numbers as I said so literally this
these few uh these few words have
created
1000 each Vector has one thousand
536 dimensions
so that's
what we're dealing with here and so you
can see all these numbers so you can
imagine if I did a search or query what
would happen is
you know if you had a large document
that you had already embedded we would
embed the query so the query could be
hello world and then we would compare
the vectors the numbers to the numbers
already in storage and whatever is in
storage that is closest to hello world
is what is is what sent back
so that's how it works while go more
into that in detail in a different video
here we have a document loader
called recursive text splitter and like
I said these are just useful super
useful tools that you would have had to
figure out the logic yourself
previously but Lang chain provides
facility for that
so in this case if I just clear here
I run you can see this is the text
and then I can just do
Cuts is
text
later.ts
by the way I want to give major credit
to ideas behind this this is actually a
huge folk from Lang chains example
repository so I just made a few tweaks
but a huge shout out to the team there
for this
so please make sure to check out what
they're doing I'm going to leave
the dogs you can join the Discord join
I'm part of the Discord as well and it's
just a great you know a lot of
innovation going through so please
um check out what they're doing support
it and you know get involved as well if
you can so you can see here we create
these documents as I said contain page
content metadata but the key Point here
is you see
we split this
into you know
um
different chunks right and here we
defined we wanted to be 10 characters
per chunk
and each
overlap between chunk would be you know
one
character
so
this is what this thing called the
recursive character text bitter can do
for you using long chain
now we have the vector stores
now
what happened here was I already ran
through this function
you can run through it yourself but what
I I drawn through this function to store
this text here
it says State of the Union text speech
so this is how it will typically look
like in real time you would have your
text
you know
already
ready to go
and then you would have the vector store
so we would load the text
load the model
now we're going to use Pinecone pinecorn
is a vector store so remember the
diagram where we store the embeddings so
we're using Pinecone there's others like
chroma and leave it and thighs and
there's all kinds of other ones but for
this example we're using pinecart
so you need to go on pycon is free you
can sign up and create your own Vector
base I'm going to put instructions for
you to do that
so I initiate that
I load the file
then I split as I showed you previously
I'm splitting into chunks of 1000
characters
then I create a document object
um this is the index I created
on pinecon which I'm getting
I embed these documents
uh running through these functions and
there we go so I'm not going to run
through this again because that's going
to override what I have so you can run
through this and see what happens
obviously make sure to change this
because this is mine but effectively
what we're doing here is loading the
document and storing it in the vector
base as per the diagram
now speaking of document loaders you
also have
you have a lot of choices here so you
can
you can do uh you can load you can
literally scrape websites you can
Hacker News IMDb IM sdb you can know
documents so there's loads of documents
and every day or every week you know you
have people effectively making pull
requests to add more but here we have an
example of a tax loader so it takes a
string a five part a file path string
and then it loads it
and here you see the example data this
is an example data to see how long chain
loads will text and that loader is led
to this output here so I'm not going to
go through that again but I'm just
showing you what the output looks like
when I run through it the first time
clear this here
cool so let's jump into so we've gone
through
uh
uh basic chain
well actually we didn't go through a
basic chain so
yeah this is just a basic chain I think
we went through very similar to the
previous example with the prompts
where we're just chaining the template
The Prompt template
with the large language model so you can
see
you should be familiar with this now
then we create the chain so the large
language model chain which is a
combination of the model and the prompt
we asked what country is it France and
he says Paris
we can also have conversations as well
using the conversation chain
so
let me play around this
so you can start
and we are going to
go with conversation.ts
so here we go so again we initiate open
AI
Lang chain provides a conversation chain
which also includes prompts that you
don't have to worry about yourself
and then we have
the chain dot call
um
and here you see
hi I'm Jim hi Jim it's nice to meet you
my name is blah blah blah blah blah how
can I help you today
and
you have uh another response that comes
through when I say what's my name so you
said your name is Jim so similar to the
memory case I'm just showing you how it
turns into a thing called a chain
summarization obviously very useful
so in this case it's just a simple case
of
using uh loading again Lang chain
provides utilities for all these things
but here we're you know I just do the
short text it could be longer it could
be a document
whatever it is you want to do
you load
uh in this case I'm using analyze
document chain because it's a small
piece of text but if I had chunks I
would use a different chain again the
docks are very very useful for this
and you call and then you get a response
like so I'm not sure there's any
necessity to run through this but I
think you get the gist anyway so I'm
just going to pause on that
so here we have a question answering
so we got question answering situation
where you have a document
here
which could be much much more than this
but Rachel went to Harvard time when
Stanford
this is effectively what it looks like
as I said it contains page content and
optional meta data
and I'm just going to run this so you
can see what's going on
you can see the call the chain call
takes Docs
and also
um the question
and it passes that to
the model
as well so let's see what happens now
so we asked the question where did
Rachel go to college
and we get the response Rachel went to
Harvard which the text did say Rachel
went hovered
cool
let's jump to the final example I
believe and this is where it gets very
interesting now before we jump in I just
want to say
that you you know there are some useful
utilities here
what I'm trying to do here is just kind
of
I guess break down the magic behind it
it's not too much but it's just the
basics of what's going on so you embed
in a query you effectively
embedding
using this function called embed query
similarity Vector search so again this
is where we want to look at
what it's currently in the vector store
and compared to our query and the closer
the numbers are in terms of similarity
scores then that's what we want to get
back and so again you can just view this
lib so just have a field behind the
backend logic and again much credit goes
to the Lang chain team for inspiration
for this
let's go back to a final example
and it's what really
the magic begins to stand out and this
is where you start to q a document
so what's going on here so effectively
we have Pinecone we're initiating as a
storage we have
the uh just cross checking that the
particular index that we're index be in
the store
that has our data again this is this
index has been pre-loaded with data from
that speech that I showed you earlier
that was in the in the the large text
and this is the query so the query is
how many new jobs the economy create
let's go and verify
so if I do control F job created
so this you can see it says
uh
let's see jobs
in fact our economy created over 6.5
million new jobs just last year
okay so you can see this is a large body
of text there's a lot going on so let's
jump back and let's see
if
we can
get a useful answer from this large
document
so we're going to call Vector DBA chain
again don't follow this syntax too
closely because this is almost like a
custom function that I made
that I showed you previously but always
effectively doing is taking the query
it's taking the index
which you saw earlier so it gives you
the operations a typical crud operations
to create read update delete the
namespace so what's the name space where
the vector is stored and how many
results do you want to return that are
similar we pass all of that we run
through a vector
search function
and we do some other stuff nothing too
crazy but here we just focused on first
principles so effectively we've run that
chain which includes the large language
model query the index the namespace all
all the things you can imagine would be
necessary including prompts provided by
Lang chain to structure and to try and
find the relevant information
so let's clear this
and if I just go to
question answer docs.tf
so let's run this so this is a question
and let's see what the response will be
so hopefully
fingers crossed we end up with
something like that
see is he gonna figure it out oh oh
there we go we got the answer right here
over 6.5 million jobs and what's pretty
cool is now let's let's run it back
let's see what's going on so what's
going on you can see we have vectors
here we're splitting the text
um
then we've got
uh yeah so now we've got the
the results of the similarity search
which was in that pre inside this
function here you can see this is you
know uh each Vector has an ID score
metadata which contains the text you can
see that this
snippet of text which was a chunk that
we split initially is the most similar
in terms of vectors to this question
here that's why I was the first one to
show up because these are the vectors
of this query and these vectors
right
which are
1536 Dimensions where compared to the
vectors in the database and if found
that ID 11 was the most similar
so this is the text and then ID 17 was
the second most similar and so on and so
forth so that's how the uh the vector
similarities work and so we keep going
down down
and you can see just more
stuff going on but eventually we land
with
the final
uh the final response we pick
the top scoring one we passed that over
to
you can see this is the template
provided by langchain that I did not
have to write use the following piece of
context
if you don't know the answer just say
you do not know you pass that as context
then we ask the question which was here
and then we leave a gap for a helpful
answer
and voila so
that's how it works in a nutshell
it's not too crazy
but it's very exciting very interesting
and
um
yeah effectively everything that you
would have had to abstract for yourself
figure out the problems the structures
how do I extract data how do I you know
effectively integrate different tools
with the large language model how do I
scale my application how do I make it
more cost effective
uh line chain is really working on that
so I hope this video was useful for you
as a typescript JavaScript developer
because there's not much uh resources
out there for us to build this stuff but
I believe as the ecosystem you know
keeps growing it's going to get better
so if you have any questions just hit me
up in the comments and um
that'll probably also give me good ideas
for the next video cheers